Http and naked forwarding (#185)
heartpoints/heartpoints.org: docs/typescript.md

Typescript
==========

Typescript is a superset of javascript that includes strong types. The typesystem is quite powerful 
and allows us to add extensive compile-time error checking, code generation, IDE hinting, and
type inference capabilities which speed us up. Ideally, it also helps our code be easier to discover
and understand without digging into implementation details.

# Learning / Improving your Typescript

## Introduction

[Getting Started with Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/home.html) is a guide that has several 
paths to learning, inluding examples, walkthrus and overviews.

## Advanced Types

[Advanced Types](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/advanced-types.html) cover union, intersection,
mapped types, types involving key ranges, and more, built into the language as primitives!

## Very Advanced Types

> [Typescript Toolbelt](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/advanced-types.html) is one of many

Reviewer: did you mean
```suggestion
[Typescript Toolbelt](https://github.com/pirix-gh/ts-toolbelt) is one of many
```

Author: yup good catch!
